---
title: About
icon: fas fa-info-circle
order: 4
---

# About me
## *The past*
I generally suck at programming, but I'm a great software engineer!

I've worked with all sorts of tools and frameworks in support 
of all phases of the SDLC, and there's even more I haven't worked with. Let's change that.

My start with computers was late. I didn't have my own access to a computer until college, a crappy 2010 Windows laptop. The only thing I knew going into college was I liked math. So I got some engineering degrees in Mechanical and Aerospace disciplines. There was an ME internship where the most useful thing I learned was the I didn't want to be an ME anymore. 

I graduated and started my first job as a technical writer. More importantly, I started a personal journey towards computer science with Hobby Programming. In absolute naive form, I chose Andriod mobile development as the first thing I'd learn. Understandably, this made me quit and pick up Programming-as-a-Hobby several times over the next couple years.

Eventually, I decided to shoot my shot. I contacted a software manager at my company, stating my interest in his Autopilot group (my senior project was Autopilot...how convenient). He told me to learn C and he'd interview me. One K&R book and three months later, I had that interview and soon after, my first job in the software industry. No schooling or boot camps, just me and some internet and books.

Within 3 years, I had transistioned from Associate Developer to Senior Engineer on a newly formed DevOps group as one of the first hires. It was here I found my passion: working on software to help **`real programmers`** build great things.

## *The future*
Professionally, DevOps is where I want to stay. It has just enough coding to be interesting and cool, but none of the complicated stuff I never taught myself. It exposes me to a nearly infinite amount of ideas and tools, all to help others create. That's pretty sweet.

# About this site
This is a static website generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and hosted on GitHub Pages. It uses the [Chirpy](https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy) theme.

Look out for a post on how to set a simliar one up. And the related repository that automates the whole thing :)
